                                                      Mohamed Ababou
  
DO YOU KNOW THAT THE DIGITS HAVE AN END? Mohamed Ababou
Translated by: Nafissa Atlagh

God created the human being and distinguished him from other creatures by the brain which is the source of perception, comprehending, meditation and insight; to explain the various phenomena that the human understand from its significance the ability of the creator whom there is nothing like him. And one of the most notable of these phenomena is sciences with its various kinds and forms, whether the religious or the temporal, the exact sciences or the bioscience, the astronomy ...etc, and we find mathematics as one of the exact sciences, this science that has been known by the human and has become based on calculations, equations, algebra and geometry, and mathematics is used in many other sciences in view of its importance.
Numbers are one of the elements of mathematics. And there are some people who expand the gap between the digit and the number but with explanation we recognize that the digit and the

addition numbers are the symbols that form the numbers, and numbers is the plural of number and the verb is count, so the term does not change the meaning, if it was global so the digits express all the numbers, and whenever we talk about digits the human being thinks that they have no end, and the intention of “digits have end” includes numbers too. Because the common mistake till now is believing that the digits have no end, and this idea isn’t of a scientific origin but the result of the disability of comprehending the reality of science.
Because digits have an end and its end is inevitable, whereas the weird thing isn’t that the digits have an end but how do people believe that they don’t, and this because they are attached to the idea that:
If x was the greatest number then x+1>x and can we deal without knowing none of its solutions?
And if digits are known if the forms that we write then why do we write infinity as a linguistic term?

And from a religious view: God is the one who has no beginning nor ending then why the digits have no end?
And it’s really weird if the human believes that digits have no end while he’s living on earth!
And isn’t infinity a digit and the human knows that mathematics is digits? What is weird about mathematics is infinity because this is incompatible with the digits because: 1,2,3... and so on increasing or decreasing there is a sequence of digits then why believing in infinity, this expression doesn’t worth to exist in mathematics which rely on proofs and laws because the mystery especially in the end of numbers is a sign that mathematics didn’t succeed in its attempt of being based on axioms, that’s why it cannot be considered logically as a kind of science for it contains the argument of the digits that have no end and we don’t have to deal with the unknown in mathematics; the unknown that digits don’t end because the brain with positive thinking

doesn’t accept that and makes the human thinks and wonders why am I dealing with digits and obligated to say that they don’t end, why don’t I liberate my mind and impose the logic and look for a real substitute that makes the idea of digits have no end just a trick and an illusion and I got rid of it. But although I will accept that the digits end the doubters will keep chasing my thinking with the question: what is the biggest number? But with my brain I’ll excel and succeed but how?
With time that doesn’t stop nor come back, with the instantaneous moments that will pass and not be repeated, to prevent myself not be deceived unless by science and reality. If it was me who count from a time ago, from a part of a second; from a second, a minute, or even an hour, a day, a week, a month... a year or a century, but if there was a succession of counting from Adam peace be upon him wouldn’t the past be repeated ?

And is x+1>x and x+2>x+1 and like that the time stops with proceeding the arithmetic operations?
And if a human started counting from last night from 0, does his counting causes that the sun of today doesn’t rise?
 
 If the time stopped and the night were lasting by counting then the digits have no end; but sunrise is a proof that the time passes and the digits have an end, though keeping counting the time doesn’t stop but it keeps moving without stopping nor coming back. And in view of the expiration of a period then the absolute counting is a time and counting an existing thing cannot be unknown, for example counting sand grains in the beach, or counting the stars in the space takes a long time, and here is a merge of time with existence in the place, so the digits originally are time and time is an integral part of space and this one is related to existence, which

means that digits are an existential branch with a start and an end, but may time ends to indicate that digits have end?
Actually time ends and its ending is now and so its beginning, hence the digits end temporarily, means that no matter how the human adds 1 to any number, the time that goes without return imposes its end, and if you start counting from 0 from a minute ago and you reached a specific number, didn’t the previous counting go with the time which doesn’t return. A human starts counting: 0, 1, 2, 3... and so on; the moments that passed won’t return, means that the previous counting passed and won’t return as well.

  And from another view: since mathematics is an exact science, then why the digits have no end?
The exact science is nothing more than a science controlled by facts. For example in Biology while studying a cell, there is no room for imagination for

the cell is of a real origin whether it was vegetarian or animal. So mathematics doesn’t have to be based on illusions and imagination which is the source of science follies, and the idea of digits have no end is one of these follies because it’s far from the scientific truth which doesn’t accept unless a logical explanation for phenomena and characteristics. The digits have end and this is the reality but the humans still believe in the opposite, because mathematics is a science that doesn’t accept unless the truth without the slightest doubt. And it is a fallacy that we use the infinity in mathematics and in all science. Because the matter leads to a questioning that doesn’t accept a convincing answer for the science isn’t Metaphysics or Philosophy, it cannot be overwhelmed by conflict and dialectics, but science is by theories and proofs. And maybe the truth lies in the beginnings of mathematics in its old origins like Egypt and the Babel Civilization in Iraq and India and Greece. We observe that it came to be used in solving

calculation problems that the human being couldn’t solve, like the construction of buildings and calculating areas, from that we recognize that the science of mathematics and since its first appearance wasn’t meant to express naughtiness and emptiness. The use of arithmetic and digits was to indicate the findings. But how did mathematics become different as it is now out of scope of the truth and science. What leaded to the strangeness of mathematics is believing in the idea of the digits have no end, and that leaded to the argument of digits and its end and there for new equations that use this illusion was invented, and this is a novelty made mathematics in general and digits especially in conflict with science, and this idea was inherited from a generation to another till now. Mathematics that reached us is different from the original, because it contains what is not true and not logical that is the idea that we talked about, because the digits have an end and there are many proofs that confirm it logically, because the Man by nature love

asking questions to reach to a convincing result. Whenever we talk about digits we find the human asking in his imagination: What is the end of digits? And he quickly gets rid of this idea and says that digits have no end though he’s the one who’s dealing with digits, but why don’t he rather say that they do have end, this is more logical and real, but how? It’s necessary that he understand the reality and then sees the idea that is incompatible with the reality inacceptable, and of the simplest beginnings that he asks positive questions like: since the human is the one who’s counting and there is a start to the counting then why there isn’t an end?
Experiment:
Let be three persons;
The first one starts counting from 0 and stops at the number “x” and the second person continue counting to the number “y”. Then y>x, and the third one starts from “y” to “z”. Then z>y , and so on if there is another person who’ll keep counting from

“z” to “w”, then w>z. But from 0 to w time didn’t stop. And if there was a machine that counts from 0 to an unknown time, is time indicating an existing? No, the counting is absolute, but does the machine’s counting have significance? And, this machine, by continuing counting, does it change the time? Time didn’t stop with counting, even if a machine does that. Do digits and mathematics have laws for other creatures too? Or just in the Human universe?
Mathematics was known by the Human, and there are some animals that distinguish its herd, and we don’t know if it knows the number or it does that with other ways.
Are 0, 1 and other numbers related to the Humans’ existence? The Man is the one who invented numbers to help him in his daily life to count and calculate, and is it logical the Human believes that digits have no end?

Of the proofs that confirm that digits are relates with the Humans’ existence:
0: Before Adam PBUH, There was no existence for the human being.
1: It’s Adam PBUH, the beginning of digits (+)
The period from the existence of Adam PBUH, passing by the period of the Prophet Mohammed PBUH, to the current moment.
(+)
The world population currently. (+)
24 hour(+) to the last day.
From all these questions and their answers we can build proofs and arguments for our idea that states for the end of digits. But we have to transfer from imagination to reality, and the common question will be: do you know that digits have end?

And before asking this question we have to prepare for the answer about how do they have end, and to answer the doubters we have to deal with the term of digits as a matter of reality, and from here starts the analysis of digits from a mathematic view. Mathematics is a science, and science shouldn’t be covered by ambiguity and mystery, there for from a mathematic side and by a logical explanation we can say that digits have an end, and if the opposite were right then 2-1=1 is false too, because the infinity cannot be decreasing, because it’s nonsense increasing and an absolute random, and if digits didn’t have end we wouldn’t know the countdown which is a regular and consecutive deduction operation, because the countdown is returning with digits and this is incompatible with the idea of infinity. Besides, the numeric symmetry, every positive number has a parallel negative number, and there are other things unless mathematics confirm that, for example the magnetic field of the earth and its gravity and the electron that has a

negative electric charge, and these are all proofs from the universe of existence that confirm our idea. And when we look from the side of time which proves that digits have end too, there are photons that transport the suns’ light to the earth, the photon takes that whole time estimated in millions of years from the soles of the sun to the earth and the lights’ speed doesn’t separate from time for it is: 3.10^8 m/s. But although this enormous speed of light, it no longer exists in the black hole, and it’s impossible to pass through the black holes, and this is what shows that physics laws don’t change, and if we want to explain the sense by digits we say: if the light with it’s enormous speed cannot pass through the black hole and in view of the high temperature of the black hole which contributes to the existence of that great energy, why don’t other equations that can discover a way to reduce its temperature and its gravity, exist. Why don’t other equations, as beginnings to find a speed higher than the speed of light, beat the gravity of the black hole and realize

the dream of humanity to travel through time, exist. The existence isn’t like the naughtiness, the laws of physics that we know is a product of finding like the gravity discovered by Newton. Besides the theory of Einstein about relativity, it was just a product of what is existed. Also the chemical compounds, it was discovered through the study of the components of matters, and so mathematics, it was derived from nature. And one other of the proofs that digits have end, the big-bang and the life of stars, because after the big-bag, the Spacetime was engendered, and these approaches that we know about the ages of the planets and the stars estimated in billions of years and the earth’s age estimated in 4.6 billion year, we observe the merge of time and digits, because without time the digits that we know wouldn’t exist, because although the Man discovered digits, actually they existed before, when time existed for the first time. And every findings’ life can be expressed in term of time, time isn’t just an illusion, the oxygen that we inhale is

invisible and so time and digits. So the idea that digits don’t end is nothing but an illusion. What proves that is the mathematical paradoxes, for example Hilbert’s paradox: ther is a hotel with a countably infinite number of rooms, all of which are occupied, it can accommodate extra arriving
The answer:
No, and that Hilbert’s paradox is an imaginary, so the infinity is of a serial origin
And the digits have end is a truth and a reality, and the opposite is a naughtiness and an emptiness, you have as a human being not to believe in it. And this
     guests even if their number was infinite, but can
 we embody this paradox in reality to understand
 it?
       
 beginning of this idea is just a try, whether the researchers give it an interest or it will be rejected.
And with this idea we can discover the mysterious secrets of the universe.
And God know best. Mohamed Ababou
Amateur writer of short stories and very short stories and plays.
An amateur of science.
.
         